I was born in a remote mountain in late summer
I grew up not eating enough and not wearing warm clothes
I got into college by my own efforts
He became the first college student to walk out of the mountains
I thought I was going to be superior from now on
But when I came to this city, I found that
College students like me are everywhere
I'm just an insignificant inferior
Until one day
I met a man whose parents died
The wealthy blind man
I knew I had a chance to change my life.
So you approach me
Just to change destiny, right?
Exactly.
Will you be my girlfriend?
That night
You waited six or seven hours downstairs at my house
Did you pretend that day too?
You know
Did you get the flowers I gave you that day?
I picked it up from the trash can
Ha ha.
Hahahaha